README.md, before:

# Agentic Deployment Testing Project

Test AI Agent deployment using Google GCP and ADK. This is based on the Kaggle course.


## Setup

1. Create a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python3 -m venv venv
   ```

2. Activate the virtual environment:
   ```bash
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Install Google Cloud:
    Agent Engine is needed to confirm agent deployment.
    ```bash
    brew update && brew install --cask google-cloud-sdk
    pip install --upgrade "google-cloud-aiplatform[agent_engines,adk]"
    ```

5. Login account
    ```bash
    gcloud auth application-default login
    ```


## Agent

1. Build a new Agent. This example uses Weather App agent using fake data.

2. Push the Agent to GCP:
    ```bash
    adk deploy agent_engine --project=$PROJECT_ID --region=us-east4 weather-agent/weather_agent --agent_engine_config_file=weather-agent/weather_agent/agent_engine_config.json --trace_to_cloud
    ```
    Once the deployment is complete, confirm on the gcp web console.

3. Test Deployment Using Python:
    Use google-cloud-sdk to test the deployment. This test finds the last deployed Agent using agent_engines. https://console.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/agents/agent-engines
    ```bash
    python agentic-tests/test_main.py
    ```

    Method to run
    ```python
    await test_deployment.test_agent_deployment()
    ```

4. Cleanup Deployment:
    Must cleanup otherwise potential for charge.
    ```bash
    python agentic-tests/test_main.py
    ```
    Method
    ```python
    await test_deployment.cleanup_deployed_agents()
    ```

5. Evaluate Agent repsonses:
    Using data in weather_agent_eval_v2.test.json. Built using (some outdated info), https://google.github.io/adk-docs/evaluate/#first-approach-using-a-test-file
    ```bash
    pytest weather-agent/eval/test_eval.py
    ```

## Learnings
### Testing
1. Increasing the thresholds means output needs to match closer to the threshold.
2. Asking the Agent to be "conversational" and "helpful", caused it to spit lot more words that could break the threshold.
3. Another intersting concequence of being helpful was the that if a random city was given as inpout, the Agent would respond with error correctly, but suggest random list of cities to use next time.

### General
1. Some of the docs are outdated. But the code on git is readable and even has examples.
2. The project structure can be tricky. I have followed the structure from the examples.
3. Can be tricky to find all the required packages more than expected.

Commit message:

Update Readme and Requirement file
Clearly explain the dependencies needed.

README.md, after:

# Agentic Deployment Testing Project

Test AI Agent deployment using Google GCP and ADK. This is based on the Kaggle course. For local development, Gemni API keys are needed, that can be copied from here https://aistudio.google.com/app/api-keys


## Setup

1. Create a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python3 -m venv venv
   ```

2. Activate the virtual environment:
   ```bash
   source venv/bin/activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Install Google Cloud & its dependencies:
    Agent Engine is needed to confirm agent deployment.
    ```bash
    brew update && brew install --cask google-cloud-sdk
    ```
    Add dependencies (most in Requirements.txt)
    ```bash
    pip install --upgrade "google-cloud-aiplatform[agent_engines,adk]"
    ```

5. Login into GCloung account. If you don't have a GCP account yet, then create free Google Cloud account https://cloud.google.com/free?hl=en.
    ```bash
    gcloud auth application-default login
    ```


## Agent

1. Build a new Agent. This example uses Weather App agent using fake data.

2. Push the Agent to GCP:
    ```bash
    adk deploy agent_engine --project=$PROJECT_ID --region=us-east4 weather-agent/weather_agent --agent_engine_config_file=weather-agent/weather_agent/agent_engine_config.json --trace_to_cloud
    ```
    Once the deployment is complete, confirm on the gcp web console.

3. Test Deployment Using Python:
    Use google-cloud-sdk to test the deployment. This test finds the last deployed Agent using agent_engines. https://console.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/agents/agent-engines
    ```bash
    python agentic-tests/test_main.py
    ```

    Method to run
    ```python
    await test_deployment.test_agent_deployment()
    ```

4. Cleanup Deployment:
    Must cleanup otherwise potential for charge.
    ```bash
    python agentic-tests/test_main.py
    ```
    Method
    ```python
    await test_deployment.cleanup_deployed_agents()
    ```

5. Evaluate Agent repsonses:
    Using data in weather_agent_eval_v2.test.json. Built using (some outdated info), https://google.github.io/adk-docs/evaluate/#first-approach-using-a-test-file
    ```bash
    pytest weather-agent/eval/test_eval.py
    ```

## Learnings
### Testing
1. Increasing the thresholds means output needs to match closer to the threshold.
2. Asking the Agent to be "conversational" and "helpful", caused it to spit lot more words that could break the threshold.
3. Another intersting concequence of being helpful was the that if a random city was given as inpout, the Agent would respond with error correctly, but suggest random list of cities to use next time.

### General
1. Some of the docs are outdated. But the code on git (https://github.com/google/adk-python) is readable and has examples with evals.
2. The project structure can be tricky. I have followed the structure from the examples.
3. There is a limit to Google AI studio. Errors will indicate when that limit is crossed. This can be checked here - https://aistudio.google.com/projects.
